{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AkzidenzGroteskBE-LightEx;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AkzidenzGroteskBE-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AkzidenzGroteskBE-MdEx;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;
\red9\green47\blue157;\red32\green32\blue32;\red20\green159\blue216;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;
\cssrgb\c2353\c27059\c67843;\cssrgb\c16863\c16863\c16863;\cssrgb\c0\c68627\c87843;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1001\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid11}
{\list\listtemplateid12\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid12}
{\list\listtemplateid13\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid13}
{\list\listtemplateid14\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid14}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}{\listoverride\listid12\listoverridecount0\ls12}{\listoverride\listid13\listoverridecount0\ls13}{\listoverride\listid14\listoverridecount0\ls14}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
CATEGORIES\

\f1 for \'93Portlandia\'94 hangman\
\
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		
\f2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
character names:
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Fred and Carrie\
		played with minimal costumes, makeup, and hairstyling, these are the show's version of Armisen and Brownstein themselves, living in a house together in Portland. Their onscreen relationship was inspired by Bert and Ernie's  relationship on Sesame Street.\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Peter and Nance\
		an earnest and open-hearted middle-aged couple. Peter speaks with a stammer and is open to trying new things, albeit hesitantly; Nance gives him her full support but is often the voice of reason in the couple. They have a tendency to go farther into their new enthusiasms than they expected at first. (for example, a desire to know the source of their free-range chicken ends in their joining a cult).\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dave and Kath\
		a very active couple who commit 100% to any new thing they do, causing annoyance to their friends and a generally joyless result. Their interests include things having to do with the outdoors, such as hiking and fleece sweaters.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Nina and Lance\
		a couple exhibiting stereotypical gender roles. Lance, played by Brownstein with an electronically deepened voice, is mustached and emotionless and loves fixing cars and riding motorcycles; Nina, played by Armisen, is his high-maintenance girlfriend who loves social media, birthdays, parties, and romance.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Candace and Toni\
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
the proprietors of Women and Women First, a feminist bookstore. Caricatures of Second-wave feminists, they run their bookstore without amenities such as alphabetized stock or a computer to search for books, and are often hostile to customers on the grounds that they lack proper feminist attitudes or use words or gestures that trigger them in various ways. Candace (played by Armisen) harbors barely repressed rage which often boils over into threats of grievous bodily harm to customers who annoy her. In the fifth season it is revealed that before running Women and Women First, both Candace and Toni were high-powered executives in the New York publishing world.\cb1 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Spyke and Iris\
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
a hipster couple constantly looking for whatever is more authentic, more undiscovered, and more alternative, and always ready to drop something when it is "over". Spyke is known for his opposition to driving and cars in general, given his firm stance on "Bikers' Rights." (This stance eventually shifts in season 4 when Spyke must buy a car for his job.)\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bryce and Lisa\
\ls8\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
entrepreneurs who start many businesses based on quirky concepts. These characters were the source of the catchphrase "put a bird on it!" from a sketch featuring a business that sold a variety of products with silhouettes of birds attached to turn them into "art". (In the opening sketch of the first episode of the series, Brownstein's character comments that Portland is a city where one can still "put a bird on something and call it art".) The characters are featured again in a skit called "We Can Pickle That", which involves putting certain objects in brine.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Jeffrey and Quinn\
\ls9\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
young transients living on the streets of Portland who spend their days panhandling and busking with improvised musical instruments (such as drums made of plastic buckets). In one episode, we learn that Quinn is actually a "trustafarian, from a wealthy background.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Royce and Alicia\
\ls10\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Public information associates for the Portland Milk Advisory Board who are constantly coming up with new and exotic ways to get people excited about milk and how to promote their kooky new forms of it. Such wacky ideas include cookie milk, berry seed milk, and raw cow milk (an unpasteurized version of milk that has the uncanny presence of blood in it). Alicia often states, "He's my boss!" even though she obviously has better qualifications than Royce, having attended UC Davis. The characters only appeared in interstitial segments in the show during commercial breaks.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls11\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Kris and Malcolm\
\ls11\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
an older, mellow couple and parents to multiple children (including one of the eco-terrorists, played by Olivia Wilde). They are overprotective of their children, and portray stereotypes of a relaxed, retired life.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls12\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Brendan and Michelle\
\ls12\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
two over-bearing parents who think they know everything.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls13\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Vince and Jacqueline\
\ls13\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
a stereotypical goth couple who wear black clothes and white face makeup all the time, drive a hearse, and live in a house filled with funereal decorations.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls14\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Claire and Doug\
\ls14\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Claire is a successful career woman, while Doug stays at home and can barely take care of himself. In a Season 6 episode, Claire breaks up with Doug and starts a romantic relationship with Candace (see above).\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
	
\f2 experiences that will never be the same:
\f1 \
\
Brunch\
Whether after a hard week at work or a long night of partying, there\'92s nothing more refreshing than brunch. You throw on some sunglasses, order up a Bloody Mary, smother your sleepiness in eggs and bacon, and settle in for a leisurely few hours of food and conversation. Except that now, thanks to Portlandia, all you can think of when there\'92s even a tiny wait for a table is that hellacious line of brunch hopefuls snaking around the entire city of Portland \'97 and it makes you feel foolish.\
\
TV Show Marathons\
Earlier in the same year Portlandia took aim at brunch, Season 2, Fred and Carrie came for yet another of our greatest comforts: the TV binge. Seeing ourselves reflected in these poor schlubs who sacrificed their social lives, work, and health because they couldn\'92t quit watching Battlestar Galactica, we vowed to never again watch more than three episodes of a show in one sititng.\
\
Cacao\
Ah, cacao: the most beloved word of chocoholics the world over. Too bad Portlandia\'91s Lance and Nina, in choosing \'93cacao\'94 as their safe word, made it synonymous with raunchy, awkward sex. Now we can\'92t pick up a high-end chocolate bar without thinking of those two in bed \'97 just try and maintain your appetite after that visual.\
\
Fancy Cocktails\
Not that the word \'93mixologist\'94 hasn\'92t always seemed faintly ridiculous, seemingly elevating cocktail-mixing to the realm of PhD-level science, but who wouldn\'92t swoon for a hand-crafted drink in the days before\'a0Portlandia? These days, sipping anything that includes foamy egg whites just reminds us we\'92re living a clich\'e9.\
\
Hip Hotels\
The standard American motel is nothing to write home about: industrial carpeting, itchy blankets, continental breakfasts of equally stale pastries and coffee. And yet, Portlandia reminded us that obsessively curated, hipster-staffed hotels are sometimes a bit too cool for their own good. We\'92ll never be able to hear about the Ace Hotels without thinking about the show\'92s equivalent \'97 the Deuce. The current season\'92s arc about Peter and Nance\'92s quirky bed and breakfast, meanwhile, has us crossing another lodging option off the list.\
\
Feminist Bookstores\
OK, sure: Nothing can really ruin feminist bookstores \'97 even Fred and Carrie have love for New York\'92s wonderful Bluestockings. But we\'92ve got to admit, it\'92s begun to surprise us when we walk into the latter establishment and are treated to attentive help from the store\'92s friendly staff, rather than the blank stares and touchy lectures on offer at Women & Women First\
\
	\
\
	
\f2 catchphrases:
\f1 \
\
\'93put a \ul bird\ulnone  on it\'94\
\
\'93a-o \ul river\ulnone !\'94\
\
\'93strike the word \ul unit\ulnone  from this conversation\'94\
\
\'93it\'92s a one-time-fee that you \ul pay annually\ulnone \'94\
\
\'93our recycling is divided into one of three categories: clean air, fresh water, or \ul good vibes\ulnone \'94\
\
\'93is it \ul local\ulnone ?\'94\
\
\'93who puts their \ul dog\ulnone  on a pole?\'94\
\
\'93does my voice sound \ul fat\ulnone ?\'94\
\
}